Bug 1858387, clarify how to update the console URL (#27827)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/customizing-the-web-console-URL.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * web_console/customizing-the-web-console.adoc

[id="customizing-the-web-console-url_{context}"]
= Customizing the web console URL

> To update the web console URL, `consoleURL`, to a custom value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can update the web console URL, `consoleURL`, to a custom value.

.Procedure
```
You need the `.Procedure` heading here.

. Modify the cluster instance created by default during installation in the `consoles.operator.openshift.io` custom resource:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc patch consoles.operator.openshift.io cluster --patch '{"spec":{"route":{"hostname":"console.example.com"}}}' --type=merge

Reviewer: Do you just change `console.example.com` to whatever you want the URL to be? I think this is worth making explicit.

----

> . (Optional) If you specify a custom certificate, you must create a secret in the `openshift-config` namespace that has the key and certificate. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you specify a custom certificate, you must create a secret in the `openshift-config` namespace that has the key and certificate. For example:
```
It looks like this step is required in a certain context, which you've explained well, so it's not really optional.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create secret tls console-tls --key=key.pem --cert=cert.pem -n openshift-config
----
+

> Then, edit the configuration resource with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, add the following stanza to the configuration resource:
```
